Inspired by Chinese mythology, this romantic drama follows warrior hero Zhong Kui as he slays demons across to save his people.
As earthquakes rip up Los Angeles, a scientist and a guilt-ridden engineer for a company that practices fracking try to save the city from utter ruin.
While investigating the appearance of mysterious monoliths throughout the universe, two astronauts battle their ship's intelligent computer system.
Director Oliver Stone takes on the saga of Alexander the Great, the Macedonian conqueror who became legendary for his military prowess.
After betting the Minister of Science that he can circle the world in 80 days, eccentric inventor Phileas Fogg sets out on an epic adventure.
Following the murder of his parents, Bruce Wayne trains with a shadowy organization and returns to Gotham City to fight crime under a new guise.
Wounded and suffering from amnesia, Jason Bourne starts to reconstruct his life but finds that many people he encounters want him dead.
Flushed from his refuge by an assassin, Jason Bourne finds himself thrust into secret alliances, setups and shootouts in this riveting sequel.
When an earthquake devastates a South Seas island, only an aging priest and three convicts remain to save children hospitalized with leprosy.
This anthology features seven independent anime shorts from renowned directors, delving into the futuristic universe of the video game franchise Halo.
An expedition crew discovers an enormous gorilla on a remote island and brings it back to New York City, where the ape escapes and raises mayhem.
When an FBI agent's wife and children are murdered after witnessing a mob hit, he becomes "the Punisher" -- a one-man judge, jury and executioner.
When the dastardly Sheriff of Nottingham murder Robin Hood's father, the legendary archer vows vengeance and joins a band of exiled villagers.
Sam Peckinpah's epic Western tells the story of a bunch of aging outlaws who collude with a crooked Mexican general, leading to ugly bloodshed.
Based on a true story, this action film follows an incident that stunned a nation in the early 1990s. In Mumbai, India, the notorious gangster Maya holds off veteran cop Khan and a force of more than 200 policemen in a six-hour bloody gunfight.
In exchange for his own freedom, a former martial arts instructor convicted of murder offers to catch a cunning killer on the loose.
Stepping into the persona of his alter ego, Gonzalo de Montalvo tangles with the corrupt Spanish government to avenge an attack on his son.
A New Jersey detective whose family was killed by an international gangster teams up with a Bangkok cop on a quest to bring down a criminal empire.
Two brothers from a deposed dictatorial regime in Haiti put together a gun-running crew in the U.S. and go to work for a local Mafia boss.
A disgraced ex-ballplayer enjoys climbing the ranks of a loan shark mob but goes to war against the ruthless boss when the woman he loves vanishes.
This is a test for Encoding Ops. This is a test for Encoding Ops. This is a test for Encoding Ops. This is a test for Encoding Ops. This is a test for Encoding Ops.
A Maori chieftain's son seeks revenge after his tribe is massacred and aims to cross a daunting stretch of land to make an ally of a fearsome warrior.
When two grieving sons struggle to take down their father's killer, it's up to their mother to settle the score and get revenge.
This documentary looks at a group of veteran World War II pilots who defied U.S. policy and flew for Israel during its battle for independence.
When the Punisher takes out a black-market weapons dealer, he stumbles upon a far-reaching terrorist plot devised by a group known as Leviathan.
Racing addict Navas funds his passion by engineering robberies with his girlfriend, but their schemes fall apart when they target the wrong couple.
Tom Cruise stars as a gifted but unproven stock-car racer whose quick temper and rivalry with another driver threaten to put the brakes on his career.
After a trio of thugs kills her husband, rapes her and leaves her for dead, a resilient pioneer woman plots a fitting revenge against her attackers.
This Oscar-winning epic tells the true story of T.E. Lawrence, who helped unite warring Arab tribes to strike back against the Turks in World War I.
With the help of a magical key, He-Man and his allies fight back against Skeletor, who has taken over Castle Grayskull and captured the Sorceress.
A struggling graphic artist shows his true colors protecting the girl he loves and her sister from yakuza loan sharks who aim to punish their father.
A widower and past war hero just wants to live in peace and farm his land -- until a cruel British officer brings the American Revolution to his door.
Imprisoned by a sorcerer who fears she will rob him of eternal life, guileless young Princess Arete befriends a villager who helps her plan an escape.
Rambo refuses when his friend Col. Trautman seeks his help on an operation. But when Trautman is captured, Rambo launches a one-man rescue mission.
Targeted by a small-town sheriff, former Green Beret and Vietnam vet John Rambo reaches his breaking point and launches a guerilla response.
Rambo, freed from prison to help the government find proof of P.O.W.s still being held in Vietnam, turns the recon job into a rescue mission.
Ben and Meg Cameron are hardworking ranchers in the New Mexico desert whose happy life is disturbed when an old acquaintance arrives unexpectedly.
After it gobbles up a chunk of a UFO that crashed in the ocean, a great white shark transforms into a killing machine bent on destroying Seattle.
A veteran cop is tasked with drafting and training a special weapons and tactics team, who soon find themselves up against an international criminal.
An ex-CIA munitions expert known as "The Specialist" meets a determined beauty seeking revenge against the mob family who killed her parents.
Framed after a terrorist bombing, a U.S. embassy employee is on the run in London, while trying to stop another pending attack.
A twisted but brilliant doctor bent on revenge buys a street prostitute, then uses brutality -- and surgery -- to turn her into the ultimate assassin.
Shaolin monk San Te returns to protect a fellow hero with a talent for finding trouble in this action-packed sequel to "The 36th Chamber of Shaolin."
Action master Chia-Liang Liu directs this classic kung fu adventure in which a rebel fighter seeks vengeance against the Manchu army and a treacherous priest responsible for the destruction of a Shaolin temple.
After the Manchu army's brutal attack on the Shaolin temple, five martial arts students vow to master their craft and get revenge on the villains.
A Chinese man and a Japanese woman enter into an arranged marriage, but what begins as a happy union starts to unravel when their clashing styles of martial arts trigger a family feud.
When Yang Hu Yun is ordered to protect a shipment of gold through dangerous territory, he hires a team of guards that includes an expert swordsman, a pair of axe-wielding warriors and a drunken master to fight off bandits who want the loot.
When his daughter elopes, a Danish military man heads into the Patagonian desert after her and becomes lost in a bewildering landscape of the surreal.
Las Vegas magician Cris can see a few minutes into the future and an FBI agent wants his help thwarting a nuclear attack.
When a Ukrainian immigrant goes from two-bit thug to the world's leading arms dealer, he soon finds that his profiteering comes at a cost.
With the odds stacked against him, a Korean admiral defends his land against the Japanese by luring the enemy's massive armada into a deadly trap.
In a world where babies are plucked from cabbages and turned into dolls, a factory worker unearths a secret that sends him searching for his mother.
When Makoto arrives in Iwatodai City, he unleashes the strange force called Persona to draw his friends into battle with the agents of darkness.
When Princess Pei Pei is kidnapped from the Forbidden City and taken to America, clumsy imperial guard Chon Wang follows her captors to Nevada.
A man in the Outback must rescue his sister from a mad scientist conducting experiments on survivors of a plague that is turning humans into zombies.
Willem Dafoe stars as a mercenary sent to Tasmania to track down the last living Tasmanian tiger and obtain its genetic material.
Retiring hit man Robert Rath agrees to take one last job after encountering an eager competitor who has Rath on the top of his "to do" list.
Along with crime-fighting partner Robin and new recruit Batgirl, Batman battles the dual threat of frosty genius Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy.
A New York City cab driver who moonlights as a conspiracy theorist puts his life in danger when crooked government officials set out to silence him.
To protect his son, who has come under the dark side's control, Anton seeks an artifact that threatens to upset an uneasy peace with the light side.
When an explosion traps commuters in a flooded tunnel deep beneath the Hudson River, rescues race to save the trapped survivors before they drown.
This suspenseful drama follows a battle of wits and wills between renowned Russian sharpshooter Vassili Zaitsev and top German sniper Maj. König.
Top distance runners from around the world test the theory that humans developed the skill as a weapon to hunt elusive animals for survival.
When passengers on a modern airplane travel back in time to a battle zone in 1940, they must turn the tide of World War II to get home.
When Tolly returns to his family's ancestral home to visit his grandmother, he manages to travel through time to uncover the mansion's secrets.
Kathryn Bigelow directs this gripping drama following one of the U.S. Army's elite explosive ordnance disposal teams operating in Iraq.
John Wayne stars in this Oscar-winning epic about World War II's harrowing D-Day invasion and combatants from both sides who battled for victory.
Tae-Sik is a widower with a mysterious past. When a young girl he befriends is kidnapped by a vicious drug gang, Tae-Sik rushes to save her.
Hunted by their ruthless older brother, heir to the Imperial throne, Zhao and sister Lian seek the protection of a reluctant, war-weary crusader.
When an ancient, evil fox spirit determined to become human meets up with a scarred princess, the two become interested in the same man.
When a race of fire-spitting, brain-sucking bugs attack Earth and obliterate Buenos Aires, an infantry unit heads to the bugs' planet for a showdown.
A small team of intrepid soldiers defies a sadistic bandit and his vicious gang, who rule a region of China from an impenetrable mountaintop citadel.
Three American soldiers stationed in Iraq find a map they believe will take them to a huge cache of stolen Kuwaiti gold hidden near their base.
Boxing champ James "Iceman" Chambers is convicted of rape and sent to prison, where a mobster sets up a bout between Chambers and the jailhouse champ.
Recent parolee Michael Woods unsuspectingly rents a car that ends up entangling him in a dangerous web of corruption involving the local police.
A hard-nosed American colonel leads a group of Allied POWs as they commandeer a German freight train during a daring escape from an Italian prison.
Walter Pidgeon plays the designer and builder of a nuclear submarine called upon to fire its missiles on the Van Allen radiation belt to put out the fire raging there that threatens to incinerate the earth in this deep-sea adventure.
When his partner is killed and all clues point to a notorious assassin, FBI agent Jack Crawford sets out for revenge in this taut action-thriller.
Earth's only hope against the vicious Kilrathi Empire are two young fighter pilots, who must stop the enemy and warn Earth of an impending attack.
Freed from slavery, a Norman prince returns home to lead a group of exiled farmers in battle against their shared enemy: his father's murderer.
A crisis of conscience takes one-time enforcer Chi on the road, where he's pursued by his former gang mates and encounters a mysterious stranger.
When bandits kidnap his son, the governor sends his daughter to the rescue, enlisting the help of a local beggar to track down the main perpetrator.
In ancient China, Zhi Ming trains at the legendary Northern Shaolin temple to avenge the death of his father at the hands of a nefarious magistrate.
When the ruling dynasty sends thugs to dissolve the Shaolin Temple, two students use their martial arts education to defend the legendary school.
When a suicide bombing rocks Indonesia, expatriate American cop Jake Travers and local detective Hashim team up to find the culprit.
A medical apprentice in 11th-century Persia disguises himself as a Jew to study at a school that does not admit Christians.
A hit man who has been poisoned learns that he can elude death if he keeps his adrenaline pumping as he races through the streets of Los Angeles.
An American platoon stationed in the Middle East is thrust into battle with a breed of tentacled aliens whose rapid spread threatens human survival.
A documentary film crew follows a team of soldiers who must defend a critical remote outpost against invasion by hostile aliens.
After their plane crashes in the Andes mountains, the surviving members of a Uruguayan rugby team struggle to stay alive on a barren glacier.
A team of scientists sets out to find a rare orchid, unaware the flower is protected by deadly anacondas made even stronger by the mysterious plant.
In this hyperkinetic sequel, a pair of Miami narcotics cops investigate a Cuban drug kingpin's connection to Florida's influx of Ecstasy.
Batman begins making a name for himself just as the flamboyant Joker takes over the Mafia in director Tim Burton's adaptation of the comic book.
To evade a posse, legendary outlaws Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid flee to Bolivia -- but trouble finds the charming desperadoes wherever they go.
The terrorists' targets were 12 World Bank employees, but they ended up with a mix of tourists and missionaries instead.
Arnold Schwarzenegger stars in his breakout role as Conan, a slave who trains to be a gladiator. Once freed, he seeks revenge for his parents' deaths.
When American tourists get skyjacked and held hostage in Beirut, an elite team of U.S. commandos -- with tough guys Col. Nick Alexander and Maj. Scott McCoy as squad leaders -- are deployed to rescue them.
Sent back into battle, unruly ace soldier Reese devises a ruse to trick the Nazis into thinking his tiny Allied platoon is a much larger battalion.
A half-breed Indian is shunned by his fellow stagecoach passengers until a holdup forces them to trust him as he finds a way out of the desert.
A former hostage negotiator finds his newly quiet existence shattered when a family linked to the mob is taken hostage by wayward thieves.
A former cop with a criminal past finds himself at the center of a violent robbery that exposes secrets he's worked hard to keep hidden.
Sing, a mobster in 1940s China, longs to be as cool as the formally clad Axe Gang, a band of killers who rule Hong Kong, but can only pretend.
In this epic spaghetti Western, a flinty gunslinger is hired by a railroad tycoon to kill anyone standing in the way of his trans-American iron horse.
In this sci-fi thriller set in Paris in the year 2054, the Avalon Corporation dominates the landscape of contemporary life, selling eternal youth.
Captured by the enemy and held in a Laotian torture camp, a pilot defies death by organizing one of the most daring escapes of the Vietnam conflict.
A brawny bouncer and expert martial artist is hired to police a rowdy bar in the Midwest. He falls for a local girl, which angers her ex-boyfriend.
Sylvester Stallone shot to fame as Rocky Balboa, an unknown fighter who's given a shot at fighting world champ Apollo Creed as a publicity stunt.
Featuring a rousing climax, this engaging sequel finds boxer Rocky Balboa returning to the ring for a rematch against reigning champ Apollo Creed.
After taking a pounding from a powerful young fighter, humbled world champ Rocky Balboa turns to ex-rival Apollo Creed for help in regaining his form.
Rocky Balboa takes on the Cold War, coming out of retirement to battle a Soviet fighter who pulverized Rocky's friend and former rival, Apollo Creed.
Inspired by the memory of his trainer, a broke and seemingly careerless Rocky finds glory in training and takes on an up-and-coming boxer.
In the post-apocalyptic future, tyrannical machines teleport a cyborg to 1984 to a kill a woman whose unborn son is destined to lead the human rebels.
A vampire suspects that her mortal enemies, werewolves known as Lycans, are targeting a human. As she shadows him, she finds herself falling in love.
Vampire warrior Selene and werewolf hybrid Michael learn the history of the ongoing war between the patrician Death Dealers and the barbarous Lycans.
Wrongly accused of killing a charismatic gang leader, a Coney Island street gang must battle their way across miles of enemy turf to get home.
