When he is hired to capture a deadly creature terrorizing South Africa, survivalist Burt Gummer brings along a new tech-savvy partner.
A down-on-his-luck former golf pro gets a shot at redemption when he is assigned a thousand hours of community service coaching a kids' golf team.
Actress and comedian Anjelah Johnson showcases her hilarious impressions to riff on European Gypsies, Vietnamese manicurists, Mexican moms, and more.
The increasingly forgetful Nonna wants to make the trip from Mexico to Italy so she can visit the birthplace of her beloved late husband.
This smash-hit comedy follows four high school seniors as they strive for the most eagerly anticipated rite of adulthood: losing one's virginity.
With high school a distant memory, sweethearts Jim and Michelle are getting married, prompting Stifler to throw the ultimate bachelor party.
On shore leave, sailors Joe and Clarence fall for a pretty songstress, and promise her an audition with a celebrated musician.
After betting the Minister of Science that he can circle the world in 80 days, eccentric inventor Phileas Fogg sets out on an epic adventure.
When a bachelor and a bachelorette party collide in Vegas, sparks fly between the engaged guests of honor, sending both groups of friends scrambling.
Butcher Leo Lemke returns from a fishing trip with his clairvoyant new wife, Marina. Soon, she's inspiring hardened New Yorkers with her prophecies.
When a professor develops a vaccine that eliminates human allergies to dogs, he unwittingly upsets the fragile balance of power between cats and dogs.
Charlie is one of five golden-ticket holders treated to a tour of Willy Wonka's chocolate factory in Tim Burton's take on the children's classic.
When talented Violet lands in New York with hopes of becoming a famous songwriter, she's forced to make ends meet by working at a hot new club.
Dustin Hoffman turns in a landmark performance as a naïve college graduate who is seduced by a middle-aged neighbor in this Oscar-winning classic.
In this stylish comedy, a mother-daughter con team makes money the old-fashioned way: They use their feminine wiles to swindle it.
A jazz musician tries to win back his socialite ex-wife, while two gossip-rag reporters gum up the works in this all-star Cole Porter musical.
Two struggling actors are forced into a madcap succession of masquerades aboard an elite ocean liner swarming with people who aren't what they seem.
After a bowler loses his hand, his career takes a nosedive. That is, until he uncovers the next big thing: an Amish kid named Ishmael.
In this family comedy from writer Neil Simon, Max Dugan tries to reconnect with his estranged daughter, Nora, who's struggling with single motherhood.
Tossed out of the house by his wife, fastidious Felix Unger moves in with his best pal: deliberately devolved caveman Oscar Madison.
Three sailors on leave and ready for fun are determined to make the most of their 24 hours in New York City in this Oscar-winning musical comedy.
Using his charming wile and debonair dance moves, Joey Evans beguiles vixen widow Vera Simpson into financing his nightclub. He's set up for success until good-natured chorus girl Linda English enters the picture and steals the show -- and his heart.
When his beloved horse Don Juan is sold to a washed-up movie producer to use in a film, Mexican ranch hand Pepe follows him to Hollywood.
With his parents on vacation, teen Joel goes wild and gets into one mess after another, prompting his desperate attempt to make lots of money fast.
The talent scout for a talk show starts dating the show's producer, but when she's dumped, she's prompted to write a bitter, tell-all advice column.
Here's one ball game you can't afford to miss. Film legends Gene Kelly and Frank Sinatra join forces as the most talented double-play combination to hit the major leagues since Tinker to Evers to Chance.
This all-star musical follows The Five Donohues, a vaudeville family whose act is threatened when one of the boys falls for a gorgeous outsider.
Upon learning how a Nazi officer tortured his estranged father in WWII, a retired rock star travels to America, where the war criminal now resides.
After his fiancee leaves him at the altar, wedding singer Robbie befriends reception-hall waitress Julia, who enlists him to help plan her wedding.
Devin Overstreet may be the class valedictorian, but he hasn't had much life experience. Enter Mac Johnson, a 10th-year senior and weed dealer.
After their latest jail stint, boozy pals Julian, Bubbles and Ricky plan to go legit but learn trailer park manager Jim aims to demolish their homes.
In this feature-length adventure, Ricky, Julian and Bubbles -- just out of jail -- plan the lamest scheme yet: to get rich by stealing tons of change.
When a traveling horror show comes to town, Danville's high schoolers can't wait to check it out. But the sinister showman has an evil agenda.
An enduring friendship forms when a boy adopts Fang, a 600-year-old vampire dog, and together they try to stop a mad scientist who wants Fang's DNA.
This ensemble comedy is a charming treatise on romance, telling 10 intertwining London love stories, leading up to a climax on Christmas Eve.
Desperate to reignite his creative and emotional fires, a burnt-out graphic novelist forges an unlikely relationship with his young gay neighbor.
To keep his teen crush from spotting him in an embarrassing YouTube video, Anthony and his friend Ian must enter the virtual world and alter the clip.
Tired of being taken for granted by his wife and three daughters, Rodolfo Guerra wakes up one morning and decides not to go to work.
After a chance encounter, two strangers already in other relationships realize they have genuine chemistry. Years later, they yearn to reunite.
Two thieves vie to win betrothal to the beautiful widow of a local ruler and her assistant, pulling out all the stops ... including kidnapping.
Fired from his job, honest accountant Angel falls in with a hapless group of thieves. But can a stand-up guy really embrace a life of crime?
On the run from their boss, thieves Khalujan and Babban look up an old friend for help -- and find his widow, Krishna, instead. An emotional triangle soon forms as both men fall for the beauty, neither recognizing her deceitful nature.
Live at the Bell House in Brooklyn, comic Matt Braunger offers an absurdist glimpse at anger problems, his overly nice hometown and other topics.
Through their shared love of music, four middle-aged friends help each other through bad breakups, commitment issues and an impending marriage.
This quirky drama follows the frantic search that ensues in a small New England town when two 12-year-olds fall in love and run away together.
While young Pelle fends off a romantic rival, his superhero alter ego, Antboy, faces the superpowered fury of a girl who was once his devoted fan.
A group of Jewish friends in post-war Romania robs a bank as an act of political provocation, though it will likely result in conviction and death.
Aspiring filmmaker Jason finally finds a financier for his horror movie -- with one catch: He must find the best groan of pain ever recorded.
Vincent, who has Tourette's syndrome, persuades two fellow patients from his treatment facility to join him on a road trip to spread his mom's ashes.
Eight married college friends gather for a reunion, but a startling revelation of infidelity sets off a chain reaction of soul searching.
Southern-fried scoundrel Bill "Crackerjack" Bailey skates through life with little effort -- until his girlfriend informs him that she's pregnant.
Soon after starting the new school year, Brady and Mack are visited by the 1960s beach movie characters that turned their summer into one to remember.
An easygoing carpenter falls immediately for a super fit girl who's prepping for the apocalypse and decides to join her at a survivalist boot camp.
A geeky guidance counselor gets a chance to live out her teenage dreams by making a deal with a popular student who needs one more credit to graduate.
When two teenage girls are mistaken for a pair of famous art thieves, their boring class field trip turns into the adventure of their lives.
An underdog failing at life learns that he's the son of a millionaire who leaves his fortune to his dog, prompting madcap murder plots and mayhem.
A boy who misbehaves because of his ornery stepfather discovers that a newly purchased sauce boat is actually a magic lamp with a genie living inside.
After the domineering girlfriend of a nice guy dies in a freak accident, he finally meets his dream girl, but his dead ex turns life into a nightmare.
Lucas is a successful author with a millionaire fiancee, Sandy. But Lucas is a sex addict, and his therapist recommends a return to the wild.
A young hustler crosses the ocean to live with a middle-aged baker he met online, but he soon falls for the baker's beautiful young shop girl instead.
In this spooky feature-length movie, Alvin, Simon and Theodore stage a production of "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" and things get seriously creepy!
Danny Parker doesn't have a bad bone in him, but with tips from his pal, Marco, the model son turns into a perfect terror for would-be baby-sitters.
After realizing that their boob tube is gone, Beavis and Butt-head set off on an expedition that takes them from Las Vegas to the nation's capital.
When TV reporter Bruce Nolan angrily ridicules God, the Almighty responds by giving Bruce all His divine powers. But can Bruce improve on perfection?
To boost his political ambitions, small-time mayor Dr. Santiago Rubio starts cutting shady deals to construct the best airport on the continent.
When Janet's businessman husband spends more time with his attractive secretary than with her, she invents a secret admirer.
Ten-year-old Victor must deal with town bully Freddy, who threatens to spoil everything when Victor gets a chance to perform in a circus talent show.
Julia Sweeney's one-woman show examines a tumultuous year during which her brother -- just diagnosed with cancer -- and her parents move in with her.
A gambler agrees to coach a Little League baseball team from a notorious Chicago housing project if a friend will lend him money to square his debts.
The stand-up comedian and "Chelsea Lately" writer takes to the stage to offer her perspective on balancing the demands of family life and fame.
Smooth and sexy Hitch helps clients make a great first impression on a date, but he's thrown when a lovely reporter starts nosing around his business.
His dreams shattered and his restaurant in trouble with the Chinese mob, Marcos hits the road to attend the wedding of his long-ago true love.
An uptight professional chef finds her world turned upside down when she takes in her newly orphaned niece and tries her hand at parenting.
In this animated sequel, poachers separate leatherback turtle pals Sammy and Ray, shipping them off for display in an aquarium show.
When a rich LA family hires a beautiful Mexican housekeeper, everyone's life is upended in hilariously zany ways in this comedy of manners and mayhem.
A couple is surprised when they find a pile of cash hidden in their friends' house. But when their friends die suddenly, surprise turns to temptation.
When a pair of double crosses lands them in trouble, a suave art thief and a beautiful swindler must join forces to steal a rare bottle of wine.
Chicago weatherman Dave Spritz gets one step closer to fame and fortune when he's invited to try out for a spot on a popular national morning show.
When a father of eight and a mother of 10 prepare to wed, the couple's children attempt to sabotage the union in this remake of a 1968 comedy.
Obsessed with the "muffin top" she gained while trying to conceive, a wife discovers that her husband has impregnated a younger, thinner woman.
When French author Michel Houellebecq disappeared for a time during the publicity tour for his newest novel, speculation regarding his fate ran wild.
Between the 1970s and 1980s, as the Mafia terrorizes his homeland with bombs and killings, young, love-struck Sicilian Arturo grows to manhood.
Monica, who's having an affair with her married boss, falls for a civil servant, unaware that he has another -- very determined -- admirer.
Slick lawyer Sung fears he's been cursed with bad karma and considers giving up his practice -- until he's approached by a widow accused of murder.
An angry teen who's sent to juvenile detention is taken under the wing of an elderly volunteer. Their bust-out road trip will change them forever.
As an asteroid hurtles toward Earth, a man sets out to reunite with his high school sweetheart. But a woman who tags along complicates things.
Billy Madison stands to inherit a fortune when his father retires. But before that happens, Billy has to go back to school -- all the way back.
New York comedian Colin Quinn writes and stars in this live one-man stage show that dissects and deconstructs U.S. constitutional history.
Demetri Martin brings his off-kilter take on acoustic guitar, hairless cats, color schemes, and the word "nope" to Washington in his original special.
Fate lands former college rivals Lauren and Kate together in the same apartment, where they launch a phone sex line to make ends meet.
Anna chooses February 29 to propose marriage to her boyfriend, but after meeting a charming innkeeper, she must evaluate her original plans.
A lesbian couple escapes from their nursing home and heads to Canada to get married. Along the way, they pick up a young male hitchhiker.
A year after college graduation, a pact reunites four gay men and a lesbian friend in New York City for a fateful Gay Pride weekend.
Entrepreneur Steve ends things with his current girlfriend every November to keep from settling down, but his latest breakup leaves him with regret.
When Princess Pei Pei is kidnapped from the Forbidden City and taken to America, clumsy imperial guard Chon Wang follows her captors to Nevada.
An assassin hunts down his mark in a small coastal town, but the simple job proves not so simple as he becomes entangled in a dark tale of revenge.
This bittersweet biopic chronicles the over-the-top life of Paul Raymond, England's Hugh Hefner, from nightclub mind reader to burlesque impresario.
When a woman with psychiatric problems wins the lottery, she uses her money to create and star in her own nutty talk show -- and becomes a sensation.
An orphaned bird tags along with a flock on their long migration to Africa and becomes a hero when his newfound "family" runs into trouble.
Days before her wedding, a woman believes she's fallen in love with a stranger who's also headed for the altar, and their lives change dramatically.
Lively tour guide Nicté is one of the best at her job, so starting her own successful business comes naturally -- but she's not stopping there.
Lust, secrets and other predicaments come crashing into the steady lives of quiet neighbors when a former soccer player moves into their complex.
Learning he has a daughter from a long-ago relationship, Daniel discovers renewed life with the young girl and finds love with her teacher.
A successful pop star living in a Paris mansion and launching a big tour is drawn back to a seaside town to make amends to his old friend and partner.
Disgusted with American society, middle-aged Frank and teenage Roxy begin killing reality TV stars, bigots and others they find repugnant.
Stepping out of the pages of Charles Addams' cartoons and the 1960s television series, members of the beloved, macabre family take to the big screen.
At a movie-studio theme park, Alvin, Simon and Theodore make their way to the Frankenstein's Castle attraction -- where they meet the famous monster!
Benny is the overprotective caretaker of his mentally ill but artistically talented sister, Joon, who falls in love with an eccentric comedian.
The Bakshis celebrate the arrival of a man who may be perfect husband material for one of the family's four unmarried daughters.
Tired of being an outcast, a nerdy teen offers his life savings of $1,000 to the most popular girl in school in exchange for dating him for a month.
A gay Chinese chef whose restaurant faces foreclosure tries to find new love with a blue-eyed Brit and acceptance from his newly separated mother.
Fired from his job as a shoe designer, Drew tries to kill himself. But he gets a new lease on life when he returns to his hometown for a funeral.
Chevy Chase stars as investigative reporter Fletch, who unearths an exclusive story after he's offered a large sum to off a terminally ill man.
When she learns her platonic pal is getting married, food critic Julianne Potter realizes her true feelings for him and tries to sabotage the wedding.
Jealous girlfriends and aliens are just some of the things Jack lied about to become popular. Now the lies are coming to life and ruining everything.
When their broken-down cruise ship strands them on an island, the Pickles family crosses paths with the Thornberrys, who are filming a documentary.
A comic, playing himself and 24 other characters, turns to friends to help him face family conflict, political backlash and the show business scene.
Tired of the emotional hassles of relationships, two girlfriends keep a pair of unemployed construction workers around in a "strictly sexual" role.
When a struggling single mom learns that the father she never knew has died, she heads to Georgia with her kids and meets her dad's raucous family.
This romantic feature recounts the tangled experiences of Pablo, a successful fashion designer whose love life has long been overshadowed by his work.
Exclusive behind-the-scenes footage offers a glimpse into the comic minds behind a "Wet Hot" summer-camp cult hit featuring many future stars.
"Saturday Night Live" alumni in front of and behind the camera distinguish this hilarious tale of lifeguards planning the ultimate summer bash.
Sentenced by a court to answer calls at a prayer hotline, a troubled teen discovers her chance at a new life -- if she can leave her past behind.
When the ghost of a man's murdered mother returns to haunt him and his wife, the spooked couple turns to a deranged wannabe hit man for help.
After winning Teacher of the Year, Mitch is faced with a hard choice: stay at the crazy school that made him a star or leave for a better-paying job.
As they serve out their required term, an all-female unit of the Israeli army battles boredom and personal frictions at a remote desert post.
A failing actor living with his Palestinian-American parents devises a scheme that results in his engagement to an Israeli -- an enemy of his people.
Stand-up comedian Eugene Mirman takes his act to the Wild West, where he riffs on everything from Internet dating sites to bathroom signs.
Elite penguin spies Skipper, Kowalski, Rico and Private join forces with the suave agents of the North Wind to defeat power-mad genius Octavius Brine.
Todd Barry brings no prepared jokes to this unconventional comedy tour, which instead relies on his banter with the crowd to create laughs.
Newly divorced father Otto is shoved back into the dating life and soon discovers that while sex is easy, meaningful relationships are hard work.
Filmed in his hometown of Atlanta, Chris Tucker showcases his stand-up comedic chops as he shares his experiences from childhood to the big time.
A newlywed couple moves into a fixer-upper in the suburbs, but their happy new life together is thrown into disarray by an oddball contractor.
After a teenage boy realizes that he's attracted to much older men, he begins working at a nursing home and finds romance with an elderly actor.
Desperate to write a screenplay, two pals head to the country to work. But their retreat is sidetracked by booze, women and relationships gone bad.
After an elderly tenant dies in a rent-controlled apartment building, a young woman suspects murder and launches an amateur investigation.
An undercover cop joins a gang of illegal street racers in concocting a crazy plan to double-cross a crime lord who hides his cash at a Taco Bell.
In the early 1970s, William Miller writes about the band Stillwater on a cross-country tour, learning about friendship and love along the way.
In this hyperkinetic sequel, a pair of Miami narcotics cops investigate a Cuban drug kingpin's connection to Florida's influx of Ecstasy.
Nerdy Monica's dreams of prom glory wither when she wakes with unruly hair and then gets entangled with a cop, a jewel thief and a priceless necklace.
Based on the hit sitcom, this comedy follows the adventures of newly minted billionaire Jed Clampett and his kin after they move to Beverly Hills.
Dumped by his girlfriend because he refuses to accept responsibility, overgrown adolescent Sonny Koufax adopts a 5-year-old to prove he's a grownup.
This comic sequel finds Bill and Ted entering the Battle of the Bands to save the future -- and heavy metal -- while fending off a dastardly tyrant.
A disillusioned senator arranges his own assassination but reconsiders when his newfound policy of total honesty with voters ignites his will to live.
Cheech Marin and Tommy Chong star in this tale of two stoners in search of the perfect stash of hash who end up cruising around in a van made of pot.
A single mother and her young daughter move into a peaceful French village and open an unusual chocolate shop during the height of Lent.
This uplifting comedy follows a fallen maestro who seizes a chance to reunite his orchestra 30 years after politics cut short his music career.
A demoted cop who works in the mail room tries to pick up the pieces of his career, teaming with a police dog on an unsanctioned investigation.
A veteran NYC comic performs in venues from New Orleans to Philadelphia, as unique special cuts from shows provide a unique look at his tour.
Nicole is left hanging when her boyfriend asks another girl to the biggest dance of the year. Desperate for a date, Nicole brings her neighbor, Chase.
Dutch is a working-class guy who offers to take his girlfriend's son home from boarding school, not realizing the kid is a snotty brat.
Two brothers start an all-out feud when one inherits the family home while the other gets the coveted family business: an old movie theater.
When Alex, a 35-year-old video game tester, is kicked out of his apartment, he's forced to move in with his grandmother.
In this classic comedy, three New York models plan to use their looks, charm and talent to catch and marry a trio of millionaires.
Sing, a mobster in 1940s China, longs to be as cool as the formally clad Axe Gang, a band of killers who rule Hong Kong, but can only pretend.
Two quirky university students sharing a trendy apartment try to find another roommate, but their messy romantic entanglements stand in the way.
After graduating from high school, Martin can't wait to slack off all summer. But when his girlfriend gets pregnant, he has to grow up in a hurry.
When Jack is laid off at the car factory, his wife takes a job at an advertising agency and leaves Jack at home to raise the kids.
American Dylan and Brit Jez, childhood friends from opposite sides of the pond, reconnect in London as young adults to con England's wealthy into financing a home for deserving orphans: themselves!
When an earthworm named Junior and two of his friends are accidentally unearthed, they embark on a perilous journey to return home.
Comedian Ralphie May takes to the Las Vegas stage with his raw, rollicking take on men's fashion, racism, sex and even waffles. Filmed live in 2013.
When he's seen dispatching a rude opposing hockey player in the stands, Doug Glatt is hired by a rival team ... for his fighting skills.
Six friends impulsively record a song that finds its way onto a televised music competition, bringing the pals overnight superstardom.
When a Hollywood actress heads to a Scottish island to get married, her handlers must find a way to dupe the paparazzi after she flees in frustration.
Nikhil is tasked with keeping his fiancée's troublemaking sister, Meeta, from ruining his wedding. But in the process, the two become inseparable.
After being exposed as a fraud, self-proclaimed "God of Cookery" Sik San sets out to perfect his craft and legitimately claim the title.
In this hilarious spoof on the John Woo/Chow Yun Fat heroic bloodshed films, funnyman Stephen Chow (who also directs) stars as a movie extra who thinks he's the greatest actor in the world; he just needs to catch his big break.
When a young fashion designer's stepmother and stepsisters try to push her out of the family business, she dons a disguise to expose their evil plan.
A young musician hopes to marry his beautiful Indian girlfriend, but his plans hit a snag when her family learns he's Pakistani.
In this comedic fantasy, biotechnological implants count down to the moment one is supposed to meet his or her soul mate.
In the midst of a zombie apocalypse, a bumbling sheriff, his tough-guy son, a homeless dude and a lovable flesh-eater cross the country for survival.
