This anthology features seven independent anime shorts from renowned directors, delving into the futuristic universe of the video game franchise Halo.
When the Punisher takes out a black-market weapons dealer, he stumbles upon a far-reaching terrorist plot devised by a group known as Leviathan.
Seven animated shorts cover everything from a quirky zombie tale to a sweet adolescent romance to a series of dazzling abstractions.
A quintet of animated shorts from five different directors features fantasy and sci-fi plots as well as dizzying blends of color and imagery.
A struggling graphic artist shows his true colors protecting the girl he loves and her sister from yakuza loan sharks who aim to punish their father.
Imprisoned by a sorcerer who fears she will rob him of eternal life, guileless young Princess Arete befriends a villager who helps her plan an escape.
When Makoto arrives in Iwatodai City, he unleashes the strange force called Persona to draw his friends into battle with the agents of darkness.
When misguided Damon nabs the mythical Pokemon Victini, Ash turns to the legendary Reshiram for help in rescuing Victini and saving Eindoak Town.
Ash awakens the legendary Pokemon Zekrom to help rescue the mythical Victini and save Eindoak Town from the misguided wanderer Damon.
Ash and his friends find an injured Pokémon they don't know on a train, and while they plan a rescue the train is attacked by Kyurem.
A nameless hero in command of a secret human weapon arises from the ashes to defend the people from zombies, cannibals and beasts.
In the wake of a global catastrophe, the human survivors are "uploaded" into a cyber network, but someone or something is infiltrating the system.
A young girl and her friend are rescued from harm by a magical creature, who offers them a chance to have a wish granted if they will help fight witches.
Kyoko enlists Madoka Kaname's help in turning Sayaka human again, and Homura reveals a shocking secret as she battles the witch called Walpurgisnacht.
Rather than see her friends overtaken by despair caused by their longtime enemies, the witches, Madoka sacrifices her own life to change their fate.
In this sequel to Fullmetal Alchemist, the Elric brothers travel to the land of Milos, where people are rebelling against their masters.
From the creators of the Matrix trilogy, these short films fuse computer graphics and Japanese anime to provide the background of the Matrix universe.
Loner Guts is recruited by Griffith and his band of mercenaries, but their ensuing success as a full-fledged army could lead to a horrible fate.
Ash, Pikachu and friends must come to the rescue when five Genesect Pokémon arrive in town and butt heads with Legendary Pokémon Mewtwo.
When his mind is fogged by a scimitar-weilding stranger, Mayuri destroys his laboratory, unleashing a cloud of reishi that lays waste to the Seiretei.
When strange ninjas ambush the village of Konohagakure, it's up to adolescent ninja Naruto and his long-missing pal, Sasuke, to save the planet.
When a group of vicious Sinners plots to escape from this eternal prison in Hell, they discover that Substitute Soul Reaper Ichigo is the key to their freedom. The Sinners launch an attack and in the process kidnap Ichigo's younger sister.
The adventures of adolescent ninja Naruto Uzumaki continue as he's tasked with protecting a priestess from a demon -- but to do so, he must die.
As Motoko and Batou attempt to thwart a mysterious terrorist group, Togusa tracks the killer of a man with a prosthetic leg made by Mermaid's Leg.
Years after evil warlord Nobunaga's defeat, his successor leads a demonic army toward world domination -- and an Oni warrior must rise to save mankind.
World War IV is over, but a bomb has gone off in Newport City, killing a major arms dealer who may have ties with the mysterious 501 Organization.
Freed of her responsibilities for the 501 Organization, Motoko must now learn how to take orders from Aramaki.
Determined to keep the malevolent Gaia Coalition from ruling the universe, a mysterious loner cruises the skies and boldly attacks enemy spaceships.
Years after her parents' murder, Sawa protects the innocent and coldly kills criminals as a college student by day and a vigilante by night.
Ordinary high schooler Monaka is hiding a dark secret: She is the cold and mysterious assassin known to the cops as the Angel of Death.
A mechanized robotic weapon has been sent into the barren wasteland of a colossal floating island, where once-dormant deadly forces have reawakened.
