When he is hired to capture a deadly creature terrorizing South Africa, survivalist Burt Gummer brings along a new tech-savvy partner.
Born inside a giant vortex of ocean pollution, a deadly 3-headed shark attacks a research facility and threatens a cruise ship's party guests.
Inspired by Chinese mythology, this romantic drama follows warrior hero Zhong Kui as he slays demons across to save his people.
While investigating the appearance of mysterious monoliths throughout the universe, two astronauts battle their ship's intelligent computer system.
Following the murder of his parents, Bruce Wayne trains with a shadowy organization and returns to Gotham City to fight crime under a new guise.
A young man spends his time stealing, raping and beating innocent people in nihilistic orgies of violence, all in an attempt to get his nightly kicks.
Just as he's about to be married, Victor is sucked into the underworld by a Corpse Bride who desires him for herself in this Tim Burton tale.
This anthology features seven independent anime shorts from renowned directors, delving into the futuristic universe of the video game franchise Halo.
An expedition crew discovers an enormous gorilla on a remote island and brings it back to New York City, where the ape escapes and raises mayhem.
When a team of scientists begins to investigate a spacecraft that's come to rest on the sea floor, they discover that it contains a mysterious sphere.
While young Pelle fends off a romantic rival, his superhero alter ego, Antboy, faces the superpowered fury of a girl who was once his devoted fan.
When the Punisher takes out a black-market weapons dealer, he stumbles upon a far-reaching terrorist plot devised by a group known as Leviathan.
A reporter attempts to learn more about his dying father by finding the truth behind a lifetime of his tall tales and legends of epic proportions.
On a hunt for buried treasure in the forest, a trio of prospectors trespassing on military property witnesses the appearance of a menacing UFO fleet.
While on a mission in space to save the sole survivor of a biological outbreak, a search and rescue team encounters a looming threat to Earth.
With the help of a magical key, He-Man and his allies fight back against Skeletor, who has taken over Castle Grayskull and captured the Sorceress.
A struggling graphic artist shows his true colors protecting the girl he loves and her sister from yakuza loan sharks who aim to punish their father.
Imprisoned by a sorcerer who fears she will rob him of eternal life, guileless young Princess Arete befriends a villager who helps her plan an escape.
After waking from a coma, a geneticist is nursed back to health by his twin brother. But troubling questions arise as he fights to regain his memory.
After it gobbles up a chunk of a UFO that crashed in the ocean, a great white shark transforms into a killing machine bent on destroying Seattle.
New York detective Ichabod Crane is sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate a series of mysterious deaths in which the victims are found beheaded.
Three friends conspire to use a mysterious machine that takes photos 24 hours into the future for personal gain, until dangerous images develop.
A mysterious game sends two brothers flying into space, where they must reach the planet Zathura -- or be trapped in galactic limbo forever.
This documentary follows the scientists who monitor outer space for the approach of dangerous objects and make plans to deflect them.
Las Vegas magician Cris can see a few minutes into the future and an FBI agent wants his help thwarting a nuclear attack.
After four decades of repeated contact with aliens, a paranoid blogger has plenty to write about. And the universe is starting to take notice.
As an asteroid hurtles toward Earth, a man sets out to reunite with his high school sweetheart. But a woman who tags along complicates things.
In a world where babies are plucked from cabbages and turned into dolls, a factory worker unearths a secret that sends him searching for his mother.
When Makoto arrives in Iwatodai City, he unleashes the strange force called Persona to draw his friends into battle with the agents of darkness.
Along with crime-fighting partner Robin and new recruit Batgirl, Batman battles the dual threat of frosty genius Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy.
To protect his son, who has come under the dark side's control, Anton seeks an artifact that threatens to upset an uneasy peace with the light side.
When passengers on a modern airplane travel back in time to a battle zone in 1940, they must turn the tide of World War II to get home.
When Tolly returns to his family's ancestral home to visit his grandmother, he manages to travel through time to uncover the mansion's secrets.
When an ancient, evil fox spirit determined to become human meets up with a scarred princess, the two become interested in the same man.
When a race of fire-spitting, brain-sucking bugs attack Earth and obliterate Buenos Aires, an infantry unit heads to the bugs' planet for a showdown.
Walter Pidgeon plays the designer and builder of a nuclear submarine called upon to fire its missiles on the Van Allen radiation belt to put out the fire raging there that threatens to incinerate the earth in this deep-sea adventure.
Earth's only hope against the vicious Kilrathi Empire are two young fighter pilots, who must stop the enemy and warn Earth of an impending attack.
Just hours before a cataclysm will destroy the world, a hedonistic young man reluctantly saves a girl's life and begins to reevaluate his own.
An American platoon stationed in the Middle East is thrust into battle with a breed of tentacled aliens whose rapid spread threatens human survival.
Four scientists work to build a device that can bring dead organisms back to life, but they run into a host of unforeseen consequences.
A documentary film crew follows a team of soldiers who must defend a critical remote outpost against invasion by hostile aliens.
Batman begins making a name for himself just as the flamboyant Joker takes over the Mafia in director Tim Burton's adaptation of the comic book.
The animated saga continues, following the adventures of the universe's former ruler -- who's been stripped of power and exiled to a desolate planet.
Arnold Schwarzenegger stars in his breakout role as Conan, a slave who trains to be a gladiator. Once freed, he seeks revenge for his parents' deaths.
An envoy from another world warns Earth's people to cease their violent behavior. But panic erupts when a nervous soldier shoots the messenger.
This jarring black-and-white brain-bender is an examination of science, mathematics -- and one man's haunting numerical obsession.
In this sci-fi thriller set in Paris in the year 2054, the Avalon Corporation dominates the landscape of contemporary life, selling eternal youth.
In the post-apocalyptic future, tyrannical machines teleport a cyborg to 1984 to a kill a woman whose unborn son is destined to lead the human rebels.
A vampire suspects that her mortal enemies, werewolves known as Lycans, are targeting a human. As she shadows him, she finds herself falling in love.
Vampire warrior Selene and werewolf hybrid Michael learn the history of the ongoing war between the patrician Death Dealers and the barbarous Lycans.
A nameless hero in command of a secret human weapon arises from the ashes to defend the people from zombies, cannibals and beasts.
Scientists are sent to observe another planet's society, which is regressing and eliminating the intelligentsia, but they are told not to intervene.
Friends Proog and Emo live in a capricious, seemingly infinite machine with a sinister purpose in this experimental computer-animated short.
In order to keep her job at a biomedical engineering firm that prizes youth, a middle-aged woman must submit to a drastic experimental procedure.
Snow White and three other fairy-tale princesses enter the real world to thwart the villainous Rumpelstiltskin's scheme to enslave all humanity.
Written, directed, and starring Shane Carruth, this low-budget sci-fi thriller centers on a pair of engineers who accidentally create a time machine.
A man and woman struggle to reassemble their wrecked lives after being abducted and hypnotized with material harvested from a flower.
A female cyborg spy designed to be a cold-hearted killing machine sets out to bust a human trafficking ring and rescue the scientist who created her.
In the wake of a global catastrophe, the human survivors are "uploaded" into a cyber network, but someone or something is infiltrating the system.
This silent short tells the story of an astronomer and his colleagues who journey to the moon, where they're captured by aliens known as Selenites.
This silent classic about astronomers on an expedition to the moon gets a modern treatment with a color restoration and music from the band Air.
After surviving a bus crash, Freddy and Ana learn that they're the only souls alive in their small town of Pearl ... Population: 2.
An elite team of mercenaries on a covert mission infiltrate an underground laboratory in a former Soviet state to recover a genetic mutation.
In this sequel to Fullmetal Alchemist, the Elric brothers travel to the land of Milos, where people are rebelling against their masters.
When their boozy party in the woods is crashed -- literally -- by a downed UFO, five teens fight back against the stranded, bloodthirsty aliens.
When pieces of a meteorite strike the Earth and cause icy devastation, two lovers must recombine the fragments to prevent a global deep-freeze.
